One way of interpreting a model is by measuring
how much each feature contributed to the model's prediction.
We call this feature importance.
In the upcoming project,
feature importance will allow you to understand
which features are making the most impact in your model's decision-making.
You can then act on this by removing features that have low importance to
the model and focusing your energies on
making improvements to the more significant features.
Studying feature importance allows you to
further improve the performance of your predictive model.
You can make a parsimonious subset of the most relevant features to feed into your model.
By including only the most important features,
this can improve your model's out-of-sample accuracy.
There are many ways to calculate feature importance.
We'll go over the method that's built into Scikit-learn and also introduce you
to the current state of the art which is called SHapley additive explanations.